Updated an example for "Using Pipelines as Code with GitLab" (#68378)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-using-pipelines-as-code-with-gitlab.adoc

  name: my-repo
  namespace: target-namespace
spec:

>   url: "https://gitlab.com/owner/repo" # See comment on spec.git_provider.url

Reviewer: that's a wrong comment, suggested changes:

```suggestion
  url: "https://gitlab.com/owner/repo" # The Repository URL 
```

Author: Addressed. Thanks

  name: my-repo
  namespace: target-namespace
spec:

>   url: "https://gitlab.com/owner/repo" # The Repository URL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  url: "https://gitlab.com/owner/repo" # The repository URL
```

  git_provider:
    #url: "https://gitlab.example.com/" #<1>
    secret:
      name: "gitlab-webhook-config"
      key: "provider.token" # Set this if you have a different key in your secret
    webhook_secret:
      name: "gitlab-webhook-config"
      key: "webhook.secret" # Set this if you have a different key for your secret
----

> <1> If you are using a private instance of GitLab and not gitlab.com, uncomment this field and set it to the URL of your GitLab API. Normally, the GitLab API is the same host as the repository, so if the repository is https://gitlab.example.com/owner/repo, the API URL is https://gitlab.example.com/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> If you are using a private instance of GitLab and not GitLab.com, uncomment this field and set it to the URL of your GitLab API. The GitLab API is the same host as the repository. For example, if the repository is `\https://gitlab.example.com/owner/repo', the API URL is `\https://gitlab.example.com/'.
```
Suggestion:
- End the sentence with a period.
- Refer to https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#example-urls. The  hyperlinks appearing in the preview gives "The site cannot be reached" message. To avoid this, suggest using this format:

`\https://www.example.com`

Reviewer 2: @masauso-lungu and @mramendi: I see that the procedural steps are having more than two levels. Suggest restructuring the information that aligns with this guideline and examples here: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-procedures#writing-steps

I am aware this comment is out of scope for this PR. I suggest raising a separate JIRA issue for this and handle the info/steps restructuring as part of it. Please tag the JIRA that you create by providing a link in this PR and vice versa. Helps in tracking the effort and issue. Thank you!

Author: Suggestions within the scope of this PR have been addressed. Thanks.

@mramendi , may you please advise on concerns about the procedural section. Thank you.

Reviewer 3: @Srivaralakshmi @masauso-lungu I have created the requested Jira https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDEVDOCS-5744
